Update 01-getting-started.md (#12981)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/infolists/docs/04-layout/01-getting-started.md

Infolists are not limited to just displaying entries. You can also use "layout components" to organize them into an infinitely nestable structure.

> Layout component classes can be found in the `Filament\Infolists\Components` namespace. They reside within the schema of your infolist, alongside any [entries](/docs/infolists/entries/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Layout component classes can be found in the `Filament\Infolists\Components` namespace. They reside within the schema of your infolist, alongside any [entries](../entries/getting-started).
```
